What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Henry Stanley Haskins
Challenge yourself with something you know you could never do, and what you’ll find is that you can overcome anything. Anonymous
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them. Walt Disney
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. Alan Kay
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it.  Charles R. Swindoll
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. Napoleon Hill
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. Wayne Gretzky
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. Milton Berle
An obstacle is often a stepping stone. Prescott
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. Truman Capote
You make a living by what you earn; you make a life by what you give. Anonymous
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get. Ray Kroc
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Henry David Thoreau
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. Denis Waitley
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John Wooden
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. Hasidic proverb
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. Peter F. Drucker
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tzu
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind. Emily P. Bissell
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight — it’s the size of the fight in the dog. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas Edison
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. Pablo Picasso
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Anonymous
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I haven’t failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work. Thomas Edison (apocryphal)
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon ‘em. William Shakespeare
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. Vince Lombardi
That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger. Friedrich Nietzsche
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times, I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
You must be the change you want to see in the world. M.K. Gandhi (apocryphal)
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. Apple Inc.
I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become. Oprah Winfrey
Don’t let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was. Richard L. Evans
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. Roy L. Goodman
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Chinese proverb
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. Albert Einstein (apocryphal)
If not us, who? If not now, when? Hillel
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince Lombardi
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. Thomas Jefferson (apocryphal)
Winners lose much more often than losers. So if you keep losing but you’re still trying, keep it up! You’re right on track. Matthew Keith Groves
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job. Zig Ziglar
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. Anonymous
Some men see things as they are and say why? I dream things that never were and say why not?. George Bernard Shaw
Be more concerned with your character than with your reputation. Your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think you are. John Wooden
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him. Sidney Greenberg
The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs … one step at a time. Joe Girard
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. Napoleon Hill
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you’ll be a success. Albert Schweitzer (apocryphal)
Pain is temporary; quitting is forever. Lance Armstrong
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them. Washington Irving
When the need to succeed is as bad as the need to breathe, then you’ll be successful. Eric Thomas
If we treat people as they are, we make them worse. If we treat people as they ought to be, we help them become what they are capable of becoming. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. Aristotle
Ask not what your country can do for you — ask what you can do for your country. John F. Kennedy
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. Anonymous
If the facts don’t fit the theory, change the facts. Anonymous
In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed. Sid Caesar
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today. E. Joseph Cossman
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me. Dudley Field Malone
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. Albert Einstein
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. Henry Ford
It wasn’t raining when Noah built the ark. Howard Ruff
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. Helen Keller
Don’t go through life, grow through life.  Eric Butterworth
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. Jimmy Johnson
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it. Joe Clark
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. Anonymous
In any situation, the best thing you can do is the right thing; the next best thing you can do is the wrong thing; the worst thing you can do is nothing. Theodore Roosevelt
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. Winston Churchill
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. J.M. Power
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work if it isn’t open. Frank Zappa
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Anonymous
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. Mark Twain
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self-evident. Arthur Schopenhauer (apocryphal)
The only way to have a friend is to be one. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. Robert Brault
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Anonymous
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. William Bruce Cameron
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best. Benjamin Disraeli
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Franklin D. Roosevelt
All you need is love. John Lennon
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. Anonymous
It's better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all. Alfred Tennyson
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Mother Teresa
Don’t cry because it’s over; smile because it happened. Anonymous
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. Edith Wharton
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before beginning to improve the world. Anne Frank
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin
For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love. Carl Sagan
I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, ‘If this isn’t nice, I don’t know what is. Kurt Vonnegut
The power of imagination makes us infinite. John Muir
Every moment is a fresh beginning. T.S. Eliot
Everything comes in time to him who knows how to wait. Leo Tolstoy
Man is free at the instant he wants to be. Voltaire
My true religion is Kindness. Dalai Lama
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people. Virginia Woolf
